Install reStream downloading the latest release (#53)
rien/reStream: README.md

#### Windows

1. Install [ffmpeg for windows](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html#build-windows).
2. Download [lz4 for windows](https://github.com/lz4/lz4/releases) and extract the `zip` to a folder where you'll remember it (e.g. `C:\Users\{username}\lz4`).
3. Add the `ffmpeg` **and** `lz4` directories to the windows `Path` environment. [Here is a quick guide how.](https://www.architectryan.com/2018/03/17/add-to-the-path-on-windows-10/)
    - Control Panel > Edit the system environment variables > Environment Variables
    - Find the `Path` variable under System variables, click edit.
    - Add two _New_ entries: one to the **bin** directory in the `ffmpeg` directory, and one to the `lz4` directory you created.
    - Click OK
4. (Re)start `bash` so the new `Path` is used.
5. Generate a new ssh-key using `ssh-keygen`.
6. Send the public key to the reMarkable (connect trough USB cable) using `ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa root@10.11.99.1`
7. Try out `ssh root@10.11.99.1`, it should **not** prompt for a password.

### reStream installation

> We need to download the [latest release](https://github.com/rien/reStream/releases/) files.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instructions below will install the files from the [latest release](https://github.com/rien/reStream/releases/).
```

> In particular, `reStream.sh` is the executable on the host, and `restream.arm.static` is the binary, which have to be moved on the reMarkable with the name `restream`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In particular, `reStream.sh` is the executable on the host, and `restream.arm.static` is the binary which has to be moved to the reMarkable with the name `restream`.
```

#### Host

> Download [reStream.sh](https://github.com/rien/reStream/releases/download/1.1/reStream.sh) and make it executable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download [reStream.sh](https://github.com/rien/reStream/releases/download/latest/reStream.sh) and make it executable
```

```
$ chmod +x reStream.sh
```
> **Tip**  
> If you save `reStream.sh` in a `PATH` directory as `reStream`, you can launch it as `reStream`.  
> On Ubuntu, list these folders with `echo $PATH`. One should be`/usr/local/bin`.  
> As root, download the executable there: 
```

> # wget https://github.com/rien/reStream/releases/download/1.1/reStream.sh -O /usr/local/bin/reStream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# wget https://github.com/rien/reStream/releases/download/latest/reStream.sh -O /usr/local/bin/reStream
```

# chmod +x /usr/local/bin/reStream
```

#### reMarkable

You can install `restream` on reMarkable in three ways.

> 1. Download the [restream](https://github.com/rien/reStream/releases/download/1.1/restream.arm.static) binary onto your host, move it to reMarkable and make it executable.

Reviewer: I would use an unordered (bulleted) list instead of numbers, it looks like multiple steps now.

I would also reverse the order:
- toltec
- direct download
- host dowload

This way the easiest method comes first.

Author: You are right. Bullets are better.
I do not agree about the order. I think adding unnecessary dependencies is not a good tip.

Reviewer: My reasoning is not that users will install toltec, but that they will use toltec if it's already installed.

> 1. Download the [restream](https://github.com/rien/reStream/releases/download/1.1/restream.arm.static) binary onto your host, move it to reMarkable and make it executable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the [restream](https://github.com/rien/reStream/releases/download/latest/restream.arm.static) binary onto your host, move it to reMarkable and make it executable.
```

```
$ scp restream.arm.static root@10.11.99.1:/home/root/restream
$ ssh root@10.11.99.1 'chmod +x /home/root/restream'
```

2. If you have access to internet on your reMarkable, download directly the binary onto it:

```

> $ ssh root@10.11.99.1 'wget https://github.com/rien/reStream/releases/download/1.1/restream.arm.static -O /home/root/restream && chmod +x /home/root/restream'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ ssh root@10.11.99.1 'wget https://github.com/rien/reStream/releases/download/latest/restream.arm.static -O /home/root/restream && chmod +x /home/root/restream'
```

```

3. Install via [toltec](https://github.com/toltec-dev/toltec) if you use it.

```
$ ssh root@10.11.99.1 'opkg install restream'
```

## Usage

1. Connect your reMarkable with the USB cable.
2. Make sure you can [open an SSH connection](https://remarkablewiki.com/tech/ssh).

> 3. Run `./reStream.sh` in the script directory or `reStream` if you follow the [Tip](#tip) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `./reStream.sh` in the script directory or `reStream` [if you've installed it in your PATH](#tip) 
```

Author: yes

If you have problems, don't hesitate to [open an issue](https://github.com/rien/reStream/issues/new) or [send me an email](mailto:rien.maertens@posteo.be).

## Extra Dependencies

On your **host** machine:

- Video4Linux Loopback kernel module if you want to use `--webcam`
- netcat if you want to use `--unsecure-connection`

### Video4Linux Loopback

To set your remarkable as a webcam we need to be able to fake one. This is where the Video4Linux Loopback kernel module comes into play. We need both the dkms and util packages. On Ubuntu you need to install:

```
# apt install v4l2loopback-utils v4l2loopback-dkms
```

In some package managers `v4l2loopback-utils` is found in `v4l-utils`.

After installing the module you must enable it with

```
# modprobe v4l2loopback
```

To verify that this worked, execute:

```

> $ v4l2-ctl --list-devices

Reviewer: Can `v4l2-ctl` be executed as user? Because it starts with an `$`?

Author: yes
